what up the stopping goombas is gonna be
a another let's play ac3 part 36 of my
lips played so here we're going to start
out with you have to do a rocket error
off this off this boat but I didn't
realize it until like probably once
after I fast forward it I totally forgot
that you're opposed to use your right
thumbstick not your let alone sick and i
didn't pay that close attention so i'll
just keep on doing pneumatic my left
thumbstick and your Pazuzu right so as
you can tell I did first try also
realize it so
so this next parts going to be a
transfer these quarter pipes things i'm
not sure if they are but i'm just gonna
call it water pipes so yeah this one was
very tricky but you just have to have a
like you at the right spot and you could
do it first try
ah here no why headquartered right all
right so this next one's gonna be tagged
d spots or yeah tagged the spots so they
see it to grind these ledges and I'll be
right back when this thing's over
what
and
that's really dumb how they play like
what in course I think I'll censored but
I really need the beep noise but they
just block block the words of the song
so I don't know what's so bad about
celery oh this game is that movie so
alright so here opposed to do a 360 spin
over these a over that grass area and
mostly easy tiger sports area I mean
knocked a cast on the wats so risk the
basically the first thing I did is give
a 360 spin and I uh I all lead over the
over that group that like you're a
rapper i want to say your grab kind of
thing and then
I just grind that led you right there as
you can see I'm just as boring this
thing Wow and you're opposed to grind
the this arrow thing something kinda
it's like a bank so I plan i'll let this
thing run an ax yeah so it's gonna be
let's play skee 34 36 piece
you